Add sequenced synonym for legacy txpool (#1508)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/reference/cli/options.md

Type of [transaction pool](../../concepts/transactions/pool.md) to use.
Set to `layered` to use the layered transaction pool implementation.

> Set to `sequenced` or `legacy` to opt out of the layered transaction pool.

Reviewer: if `legacy` is being removed from everywhere else, why not remove it from here also?

Reviewer: otherwise maybe 
```suggestion
Set to `sequenced` (previously known as `legacy`) to opt out of the layered transaction pool.
```
